Thank you for your interest in Stanford University. As its 10th president and a faculty member since 1977, I think Stanford is a very special place.

Stanford is recognized as one of the world’s leading universities. Established more than a century ago by founders Jane and Leland Stanford, the university was designed, as clearly stated in the Founding Grant, to prepare students “for personal success and direct usefulness in life” and “promote the public welfare by exercising an influence on behalf of humanity and civilization.” Today Stanford University remains dedicated to finding solutions to the great challenges of the day and to preparing our students to become the next generation of leaders.

Our students have opportunities to participate in a remarkable range of activities: from academic courses taught by renowned professors and opportunities for research, independent study and public service to an extraordinary breadth of extracurricular activities.

Multidisciplinary research and teaching are at the heart of recent university-wide initiatives on human health, the environment and sustainability, international affairs and the arts. These initiatives offer our faculty and students opportunities for collaboration across disciplines that will be key to future advances.

Our undergraduate students are an important part of these efforts. Stanford undergraduates have opportunities to study with faculty in small classes from their first days on campus, participate in study abroad or spend a quarter in Washington, D.C. Many students become involved in faculty research or develop their own projects and discover the excitement of being at the edge of a field and advancing the frontier of knowledge.

The pioneering spirit that inspired Jane and Leland Stanford to establish this university more than a century ago encourages boldness in everything we do — whether those efforts occur in the library, in the classroom, in a laboratory, in a theater or on an athletic field.

We hope that you, too, find your place at Stanford.
